vilified hazard - 105 bundle smilin at -
125 the voice Michael should have a
great trick with you from the forest
national in Belgium it's chahid in the
rare now under the smilin golden glory
in his corner also trained under his
father William at Vander a smiler who
once knocked out Vitali Klitschko during
Klitschkos kickboxing days you know a
lot of people don't know that the
pilotage colt was a six-time amateur
professional kickboxing world champion
and a record of 34 and one with 22
knockouts really listen I knew he
kickbacks anyone who's that good
under smilin comes in here tonight up a
loss to Mohamed Kamel by decision in May
before the loss to Kemal was riding a
terrific firefight winning streak
including wins over chahid and william
the under jaw hero really shot to fame
last year in Korea where he put on one
of the old-time great fights against
Mike Sam babies in the k1 max final 16 I
believe the most action-packed k1 fight
of all time maybe now one of the most
downloaded k1 fights of all time - if
you haven't seen it - check it out zan
babies vs. chahid will make one things I
do like about these tournaments I'll
actually here in kickboxing there's no
feeling up here they step right into it
you know we got three rounds they know
for them to get through they got it
whenever you see the round begin the
next together - the cool - the semi Zen
in the finals these guys come after the
rate from the very beginning we've seen
nothing but hard kicks and hard punches
the entire time both guys are sustaining
that they're accepting all these blows
defensively and they're not having any
problems
Shaheed who comes in tonight off that
horrific drawings shocked he took from
Georgia Petrosyan in Leone mayor one of
the worst groin strikes he'll ever see
now if you've got a weak stomach
lock your ears for a moment as I tell
you this information after that coin
strike and Lyanna Shahid was taken to
the emergency room at the young hospital
because his testicles had twisted around
each other don't worry
that's how bad it was
yeah pretty bad
Lisa find some consistency here tonight
shahid guns for in six in his last 10
that said though every fight does to the
direction in droves his last win of the
seizure over and I fell Dudek in Athens
was back in December Varis Marwan comes
into this tournaments I suppose as the
replacement for Giorgio Petrosyan to try
some would have been the AU tried to win
this twin Miller would have been for
Trojan sour at then pachinko so if I'm
gonna smellin comes in here to make up
the numbers
it's also being trained in the past when
I get alerts Robin bubble Smollett
beautiful buddy shot outside Michael
smomid great position great technique in
steps in and I liked in fact these
typically going back to a setup series
every time he comes in it's a
combination sequence at a time he goes
in he's not throwing one punch of one
kick he's coming after everything gonna
come highs that come low and he keeps
his defense high and tight every single
time so really Sahib is expending a lot
of energy of not getting any kind of
benefit on it
beautiful that show time and dancing
girls always part of these cards anyway
they're held around the world as we're
ready to roll it around to our
quarterfinal number for the winner will
take on Krista givemea in semi final -
hope you're enjoying it folks on HDNet
don't you get if you are on twitter make
sure you do HDNet fights while you're
there at sugar low voice at Frank Trigg
second round first round unofficially
hook in the way of Robinson Andrus
Marlon
Shaheed
a Dutch citizen born in Morocco now
fights out of vertigo not zoom in the
Netherlands trained by his brother Hamid
allowed our Haj
he comes mama to smile in the game
barreling against the corner beautiful
body shot wat hand to the bar set and
cha hit said he didn't get a clean shot
off on me and now it's my turn the whole
sequence started got caught with a right
hand
sure he did he kind of stumbled to
rightly so Flemish milk but after it
arrived is really smart he's gonna stand
there and just then just let a guy you
know curl up in the corners here trying
to score as many points as Ken but
honestly you know of those seventy five
punches agreement I think maybe Tuesday
then
tygris Milan beautiful virgins defense
nothing penetrating the guy who works
down Shahid here to try and him against
the ropes again
my right hand puts him in the corner and
against the ropes
cha hits better get back to center ring
just don't get dominated now and he is
throwing back a little bit I can see
that it's really getting pushed around
there is nothing overly exciting about
robbing random smaller but what he does
is systematic is methodical and as he
said Frank just breaks down opponents
keeps walking forward keeps putting down
points 14 knockouts 29 career victories
for Robin Vavra smile and 17 knockouts
in 38 career victories for Shahidah Omar
al Hajj flipping left hand for bundler
smiling
agin be you can take a little bit of
punishment in the previous quarter final
against Turkey
you'll be watching this one on the
closed-circuit screens backstage
sizing up his next opponent with the
moment looks like it'll be Robin bundle
smiling in this chat he could start a
fire as I'm gonna throw the legs at all
chahid Jesus women they're so quick or
so Tigers on this is a standing cat now
the truth
welcome to the replacement for Georgia
Petrosyan has come out of City to make
it true blaster and as the overhand
right cover the opposite side of his
head but gave him so quick he was
looking right at it and beginning to
snack them get a mouthpiece in now
obviously his jaw was open when he got
hit because otherwise that wouldn't
broke that too thought like that but he
shared that too wow what a power
performance report Robin Butler smile
and take a look at this both there it
was there it was he's Frankie's trying
to stay in and he's fighting these wait
for the ref to come in and guard him up
over the top comes in slides it in give
a dead Rock Frank
I thought the overhand right cording
between the eyes but according on the
top lip jeez it was so quick
the power and precision to turn the
knuckles over like that and break your
guy's tooth down Frank in an overhand
right pieces that's incredible because
you
have surrendered the winner the blue
corner
it's a whole new meaning to Chico
doesn't it jeez I wanna fix that thing